After working on a sign territory, I made up my mind to put in my application for regular
buying you.
However, things were going really well at work.
Is this the right time to make a drastic change?
A new foreign language group was being formed in our congregation.
There's no way I'm joining.
Do you know how difficult it is?
Maybe this isn't right for me.
The culture and language are so different.
What do you think?
With our youngest now in his own assignment?
Maybe we could serve where the need is greater.
Like we did before the kids.
We're not that energetic couple anymore.
Maybe it's too much.
I shared my concerns about pioneering with someone who's been doing it for a long time.
He reminded me of the Apostle Peter's example.
He was a fisherman by trade, but Jesus knew he could be so much more.
Peter hadn't caught anything all night, but with Jesus next to him, things would be different,
but Peter felt overwhelmed.
Simon, stop being afraid.
From now on, you will be catching men alive.
The ministry would be his life's work.
The Apostle Peter faced a situation similar to mine in Syrian Antioch.
Initially, he associated freely with Gentile Christians.
Then, some from the congregation in Jerusalem visited,
and his fear of their opinion closed his heart.
Jehovah used the Apostle Paul to help Peter put aside his fear of men.
So I prayed to Jehovah to help me open my heart wide.
We turned to the wisdom of older ones,
and they reminded us of Peter's ministry.
He may have been our age when he moved to where the need was greater in Babylon.
They must have had concerns like ours.
Could they make the trip?
Adapted to a different place,
but they trusted in Jehovah to help them succeed.
We can do the same.
If we overcome our doubts
and open our hearts wide,
we can conquer fear
and receive Jehovah's blessing to the full.